I have personally experienced this a lot
that I can explain something and The
Listener does a far better job than I
could ever have done in explaining that
particular concept
because they've understood it in a way
that is very different to what I
understand it and their way is more
parsimonious their way is free of the
kind of errors that I was bringing to my
explanation so it's absolutely true it's
the expectations of the person that's
doing the learning that shapes what it
is they understand a particular concept
to be
you can't pass on the concept you can
only really pass on the message you can
attempt to transmit but the receiver is
the thing that's doing the error
correction